I just finished being interviewed by the police
I didn't expect you to come again. As an individual, I will definitely not embarrass Lawyer Tang
But the work to be done we have to do
We and the police are two different systems
Things are different
Of course I know this
Lawyers are inherently sensitive
I also feel sorry for Lawyer Tang
How should I understand your words?
It means you've found some more evidence against me
Lawyer Tang is smart
Forensics across two unrelated systems
Isn't it easy?
Who looks up to me so much?
Don't ask if you spend so much effort torturing this lawyer Tang
Anyway, we have a material in our hands
It was found by the police when they inspected Wang Yi's possessions
It's a letter he left before he committed suicide
The letter made it clear that his illness might be admitted to a lunatic asylum for systemic treatment
And? And he was scared.
We just can't figure out who told him these things
So ask Lawyer Tang
Where is Tang Lu?
In the interview room
The Justice Bureau is here again
I said it.
I also told the police
But that doesn't mean my words caused him to want to kill himself
In fact, he can completely trust me
I also told him to tell me everything
Then we discussed together what to do next
And I also allowed enough time for him to calm down
But I didn't expect him to commit suicide
Therefore, Tang Lu believes that he is not responsible
Not some, but not all.
You go back and study this
Then you can revoke my lawyer's license